hello YouTube in this video I am going
to review a new home called before your
own if you go to the settings window my
boat phone and then you can find a
missing euphoria version 1.0 which is
based on the android 5.0 point2 okay so
this is the wrong if they are using
Google now launcher you can see the
color change for turning left panel if
you take a look at the basic phone
options here is a diner which is the you
dollop of planner and then hitting the
messenger app as this default messenger
app messaging app and then chrome comes
with zero there is the camera so it's
like Google camera they're using you can
see all the options here if you look at
the settings menu or if you look at
notification area if I tap on this one
will open the calendar app
and then here if you tap it will open
the battery of options and from there I
can choose the battery saver and then I
get turn into own right off can turn on
automatically by setting the facility of
the battery and then click on the this
option I can switch between the users
against again see it's working very fine
you click on the settings menu will get
all these regular sem toilet based
settings on the first section and then
we say is that there is the sound
options display lights from there you
can configure the base screen recording
options and all animations can screen
other our is it a density you can change
the density DPI from there customize the
battery light convocation light the pen
drainage like screensaver for the
Android Oh besides that my vision mentor
you can customize the notifications
interruptions infusion access
application notifications everything you
can customize from here even the headset
prada green easily I can turn it on and
off and you can also do the filter
notifications
and then from lock screen you can
estimate lock screen this is like you
used to find in almost all the until the
bass drum from here again I dismiss the
buttons if you need navigation bar here
you can use that one then other options
as well as you can also customize the
actions point for the harder keys from
here long presumption double action like
that can customize all the things from
here you can also customize the playback
control from here so you can use the
volume control options to seek and seek
tracks next is the gesture options you
can see it comes with be 1 plus 1 itself
like camera using and flashlight options
this is the speed of this is and then
battery option C already be scarce and
security options here users are higher
then themes it is he in turn themes you
get a customized all gasp atrocity team
system profiler and from status bar
the status bar graph is all the aspects
of this transfer activate care clocks
tail to the center and all and then am
PM style date late format if you wanted
to do the barrack and tore that as well
the network traffic you can if you want
you can add that sounds oh so you can
see the traffic and for the traffic then
the battery will achieve even if you can
do that or else one in circle with the
personal person is inside the cycle I
can't do that so you can see from there
and no division caocao place you press
control using the division bar again use
the cradles control and then next is in
order Troy app so this is your queue
pulled an option so if you put down that
right will completely open that this one
this one ball down autocross library
don't touch other options if you want to
customize the ties there can go from
here everything is working final need
and then have suctions here so this is
the app manager accounts privacy
location if you click on more you get
the recent collection so this is the
reason the panel option default
reasonable option if you start is about
the search bar there we can customize
and you can find such bar here
and then if you don't need clear all
button can avoid that one if you need
that because that one so you can find
the clear button here and you can also
decide which locations with k on button
come so that's about the Freezone panel
a tent imax ability storage language is
important you can see you at the or
support other languages here the in
support of almost all the languages and
another of backup restart printing
option performance then I Botswana from
there there is a provide this OTA update
option so you don't need to download
that one just to confirm check for the
updates and literally it show the rate
you can also go for the feeling like
download at the ocean changelog G apps
Google Plus XDA thread and everything so
that's about the settings when I feel
they can be there are applications comes
with this room you can see head body
effects is there so I can customize the
USB Bluetooth eruptions from there
itself and then calculator at alondra
camera home clock and documents drive
Gmail Google+ Hangouts hangouts tanner
music is your music app comes with this
from
it is really neat and then phone photos
photos I mean also come to the zone good
place to play games
that's it so this is all about this home
it is very neat and very fast bro if you
want to know how to install this wrong
you can technically description below
there's a linear the description that's
it thanks for watching please subscribe
for more